Replace MSBuild tokens (#13948)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/wpf/app-development/pack-uris-in-wpf.md

## Resource File Pack URIs

> Resource files are configured as MSBuild`Resource` items and are compiled into assemblies. [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_wpf](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-wpf-md.md)] supports the construction of pack [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_uri#plural](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-urisharpplural-md.md)] that can be used to identify resource files that are either compiled into the local assembly or compiled into an assembly that is referenced from the local assembly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resource files are configured as MSBuild `Resource` items and are compiled into assemblies. WPF supports the construction of pack URIs that can be used to identify resource files that are either compiled into the local assembly or compiled into an assembly that is referenced from the local assembly.
```

## Page Files

> [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_xaml](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-xaml-md.md)] files that are configured as MSBuild`Page` items are compiled into assemblies in the same way as resource files. Consequently, MSBuild`Page` items can be identified using pack [!INCLUDE[TLA2#tla_uri#plural](../../../../includes/tla2sharptla-urisharpplural-md.md)] for resource files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
XAML files that are configured as MSBuild `Page` items are compiled into assemblies in the same way as resource files. Consequently, MSBuild `Page` items can be identified using pack URIs for resource files.
```
